so it looks like our national holiday is
back up that's good news wasn't down too
long maybe half an hour so 45 minutes
that's pretty good alright it's getting
crowded back here you guys it's getting
late too I'm here later than I usually
am what time is it
yeah so it's 5:15 this is usually when
I'm not ready to sign off but I've I got
up to slip the slow start this morning I
got a lot of work to do still I'm still
not done Oh
oh my goodness okay it's starting to
yeah it's getting late
this is when the crowd that gets busier
as the day goes on obviously
that's always been my experience and I'm
starting to feel that the late push
people getting ready for fantastic or
for the fireworks or whatever it is that
they want to do later in the day as
they're coming over they're coming over
for just a few hours to cross just pick
up where I'm heading though is to Main
Street I actually slipped me T's castle
because
legends of frontier land wins the
interactive experience contest it just
beat it just beat the adventure trade no
I know I said happy birthday already to
a bunch of friends of fresh-baked but
Kimberly sue had asked me to come drop a
penny and wish her a happy birthday here
as well and you might argue such a long
time and good friend of fresh-baked but
I tell you what fresh-baked you join in
as well here's a wish just for you guys
wish for me wish for you and wish
fertility soon oh my god I almost
dropped it elegant fowl huh all right
Oh wishes come true so this is what I
came here for the castle bridge has
gotta do some renovations this has been
redone here this used to be a fence like
a metal fence with shields on it the
shields are gone I don't know if those
are coming back or not and they put up
this wooden fence which I kind of like
that click and they redid the actual
bridge here as well strangely last week
they're like this to the these little
these receipts for ace like in the round
kind of see those have been boarded up I
don't know what purpose and I don't know
if this is going to be a permanent
closure I mean obviously this is not
permanent you know there's gonna be
they're gonna do something else with
that need to take it out or do something
else there that's not permanent but I
don't know if they're if they're gonna
be closed forever it's kind of a weird
thing it would be consistent with Disney
to forbid people to sit here because it
is kind of you know it's right here you
could easily people sit up on these
things constantly and it's pretty low to
the ground so I would not be surprised
if they either did not allow you to sit
there or put up one of those rails like
you see it the Golden Horseshoe you know
up above like a rail right here I would
not be surprised they did that
back to the jelly holiday because I need
to get me a Halloween treat I'm
determined
like I said still determined identify
anything better at critter country or
New Orleans didn't have the pumpkin
beignets so I'm going to have to get me
one of these peels here
I'm not gonna get more loose today it's
too warm all right so what I ordered was
the pumpkin muffin which looks really
good and it's a muffin which is great
because well for muffins but she kind of
messed up on the order and she gave me
one of these instead which is a pumpkin
cupcake I guess but because of his/her
mistakes I said I could have it now I
cannot eat both of these so I've got a
volunteer he's gonna eat it and it was a
review well just tell me if it's good or
not I can't wait I can't wait to dig it
is so so far this is pretty good I'm
enjoying this the pumpkin muffin is
pretty moist it does have a kind of a
you know a crust on the outside which I
enjoy this cream on top is really good
especially when you mix it in with the
others they have defiled Mickey's face
he used to have you guys you know what
normally icing is supposed to just be on
the top that's like three inches of
icing then icing is as big as a cupcake
that's incredible I hope that's too much
you need like they feel like a big glass
of milk enjoy
all right was just discovered a cream
filling in the center this just in
by the way he said it looks like it's
really rich and sweet but it tastes like
pumpkin it just makes it so it's not so
much stuff so sweet
yeah right mine's still taste like
pumpkin too I'm enjoying it looks like
they're getting ready for another 6:30
parade here on Main Street at the hub we
may catch a piece of that a little bit
later but we're on our way to
Tomorrowland I am very happy that we
stopped at the jolly holiday you get
that bump muffin and cupcake thank you
so much because I could not find the
word I could not find it that was really
good we enjoyed that but yes we
definitely need to head over to
Tomorrowland because I got a couple
things I'm going to check out here yeah
I figured out when you figured out what
we're gonna do over here we're gonna
we're going on goes galaxy all right
well let's do that now let's do that now
she has star tours is only 25 minutes I
would say that's panel that does not
look like 25 minutes 25 minutes is how
long you wait what you get inside there
when you're in the secondary cube back
here
that's another 15 minutes at least
that's that's 40 minutes of it but the
good thing is we don't have to go in
there